feat(curriculum): add interactive editors to event bubbling lesson (#69146)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/lecture-understanding-the-event-object-and-event-delegation/67338e93b75977a344cf6d40.md

But what does this actually mean? Well, you could attach an event listener to the `p` element:

:::interactive_editor

```html
<p>
  <span>Click me~!</span>
</p>
<script src="index.js"></script>
```

```js
{
  const p = document.querySelector("p");
  p.addEventListener("click", (event) => {
    console.log(event.target);
  });

> }

Reviewer: do not add the `{...}` around code blocks please, here and in all other JS code blocks

Author: Thanks for pointing that out! I'll remove the extra block scopes and update all the interactive examples accordingly. I had added them because, in my local development environment, I was seeing Uncaught SyntaxError: Identifier 'p' has already been declared , so I initially thought the block scope was necessary. I'm still fairly new to contributing to the curriculum, so I wasn't sure whether that was expected behavior or just a local development issue. I'll update the examples to use the standard style used throughout the curriculum.

```

:::

> Then, when you click on the `span` element you will see the text `Click me~!` logged to the console.

Reviewer: now this is not true, please make sure that the interactive editor code match the lesson prose. Update code or prose as needed.

But what does this actually mean? Well, you could attach an event listener to the `p` element:

:::interactive_editor

```html
<p>
  <span>Click me~!</span>
</p>
<script src="index.js"></script>
```

```js
const p = document.querySelector("p");
p.addEventListener("click", (event) => {
  console.log(event.target);
});
```

:::

> Then, when you click on the `span` element you will see the text `<span>Click me~!</span>` logged to the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, when you click on the `span` element you will see `<span>Click me~!</span>` logged to the console.
```

Just to be sure how things are working, let's expand our code:

:::interactive_editor

```html
<p>
  <span>Click me~!</span>
</p>
<script src="index.js"></script>
```

```js
{
  const p = document.querySelector("p");
  const span = document.querySelector("span");
  p.addEventListener("click", (event) => {
    console.log("P listener: ");
    console.log(event.target);
  });
  span.addEventListener("click", (event) => {
    console.log("Span listener: ");
    console.log(event.target);
  });
}
```

:::

To give you an idea of how the event bubbles up, here's what you'll see in the console after clicking the `span` element:

> 

Reviewer: stray blank line

Let's generate a few extra `span` elements and see:

:::interactive_editor

```html
<p>
  <span>Click me~!</span>
  <span>Click me~!</span>
  <span>Click me~!</span>
  <span>Click me~!</span>
</p>
<script src="index.js"></script>
```

```js
const p = document.querySelector("p");
p.addEventListener("click", (event) => {
  event.target.style.color = "red";
});
```

:::

Now, each time we click directly on a `span`, that element's text turns red.

> It's worth noticing one thing about how this works. Because the listener is attached to the parent `p` element, clicking anywhere in the `p` — including the empty space around or between the `span` elements also fires the event. When you click there, `event.target` is the `p` element itself, so the red color gets applied to the `p`. And because `color` is an inherited CSS property, all four `span` elements turn red at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, each time we click directly on a `span`, that element's text turns red.

Because the listener is attached to the parent `p` element, clicking anywhere in the `p` element, including the empty space around or between the `span` elements, also fires the event. When you click there, `event.target` is the `p` element itself, so the red color is applied to the `p` element. And because `color` is an inherited CSS property, all four `span` elements turn red at once.
```

Let's generate a few extra `span` elements and see:

:::interactive_editor

```html
<p>
  <span>Click me~!</span>
  <span>Click me~!</span>
  <span>Click me~!</span>
  <span>Click me~!</span>
</p>
<script src="index.js"></script>
```

```js
{
  const p = document.querySelector("p");
  p.addEventListener("click", (event) => {
    event.target.style.color = "red";
  });
}
```

:::

> Now, each time we click on a `span`, that element's text will become red. 

Reviewer: if instead the `p` element is clicked that will turn red too, this does not explain that behaviour
